README.md, before:

# zero-notification-service

Provide email, push notification, SMS capabilities for applications.

## Overview

This project is schema-first, and is built using [openapi-generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator). It requires at least openapi-generator CLI version 5.0.0.

To add or change an API route definition, make a change to the schema in `api/` and then run `make generate`

### Running the server

To run the server:
```
make run
```

To run the server in a docker container
```
make docker
make docker-run
```

### Configuration
A number of environment variables are available to configure the service at runtime:
| Env var name | Functionality | Default |
|--------------|---------------|---------|
| SERVICE_PORT                      | The local port the application will bind to | 80 |
| SENDGRID_API_KEY                  | The API Key for sendgrid | |
| SLACK_API_KEY                     | The API Token for Slack | |
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT_SECONDS | The number of seconds the application will continue servicing in-flight requests before the application stops after it receives an interrupt signal | 10 |
| STRUCTURED_LOGGING                | If enabled, logs will be in JSON format, and only above INFO level | false |
| ALLOW_EMAIL_TO_DOMAINS            | A comma separated list of domains. Only addresses in this list can have email sent to them. If empty, disable this "sandboxing" functionality. | |


### Releasing a new version on GitHub and Brew

We are using a tool called `goreleaser` which you can get from brew if you're on MacOS:
`brew install goreleaser`

After you have the tool, you can follow these steps:
```shell
export GITHUB_TOKEN=<your token with access to write to the repo>
git tag -s -a <version number like v0.0.1> -m "Some message about this release"
git push origin <version number>
goreleaser release
```

This will create a new release in GitHub and automatically collect all the commits since the last release into a changelog.
It will also build binaries for various OSes and attach them to the release.
The configuration for goreleaser is in [.goreleaser.yml](.goreleaser.yml)

Upon a new release being published, a workflow will run to generate a version of the Helm chart.

Commit message:

added twilio sms api  * wrap response in json  * cleanup and suggested fixes  * bump version for releasea
co-author: songsc <songscijnfan@hotmail.com>

README.md, after:

# zero-notification-service

Provide email, push notification, SMS capabilities for applications.

## Overview

This project is schema-first, and is built using [openapi-generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator). It requires at least openapi-generator CLI version 5.0.0.

To add or change an API route definition, make a change to the schema in `api/` and then run `make generate`

### Running the server

To run the server:
```
make run
```

To run the server in a docker container
```
make docker
make docker-run
```

### Configuration
A number of environment variables are available to configure the service at runtime:
| Env var name | Functionality | Default |
|--------------|---------------|---------|
| SERVICE_PORT                      | The local port the application will bind to | 80 |
| SENDGRID_API_KEY                  | The API Key for sendgrid | |
| SLACK_API_KEY                     | The API Token for Slack | |
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT_SECONDS | The number of seconds the application will continue servicing in-flight requests before the application stops after it receives an interrupt signal | 10 |
| STRUCTURED_LOGGING                | If enabled, logs will be in JSON format, and only above INFO level | false |
| ALLOW_EMAIL_TO_DOMAINS            | A comma separated list of domains. Only addresses in this list can have email sent to them. If empty, disable this "sandboxing" functionality. | |
| TWILIO_ACCOUNT_ID                 | The Account ID for Twilio | |
| TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN                 | The Account Auth Token for Twilio | |
| TWILIO_PHONE_NUMBER               | The Assigned Twilio Phone Number | |


### Releasing a new version on GitHub and Brew

We are using a tool called `goreleaser` which you can get from brew if you're on MacOS:
`brew install goreleaser`

After you have the tool, you can follow these steps:
```shell
export GITHUB_TOKEN=<your token with access to write to the repo>
git tag -s -a <version number like v0.0.1> -m "Some message about this release"
git push origin <version number>
goreleaser release
```

This will create a new release in GitHub and automatically collect all the commits since the last release into a changelog.
It will also build binaries for various OSes and attach them to the release.
The configuration for goreleaser is in [.goreleaser.yml](.goreleaser.yml)

Upon a new release being published, a workflow will run to generate a version of the Helm chart.
